50,000 of you clicked my subscribe
button and join me here on YouTube so to
celebrate this milestone this video is
for you
some people say they're addicted to
these project videos and very supportive
with feedback and sharing with friends
if this describes you then it's for you
that I'm doing this contest I'm a big
fan of a win-win situation so let's make
a deal where you can compete for some
project prizes and at the same time help
me in growing my channel to the next
milestone of a hundred thousand in my
last contest video I gave away this fire
piston made in the slam rod fire starter
project it can start a fire by
compressing air now these aren't for
sale but since the last contest I've had
so many requests to make or sell them
that I've decided to include them in the
prize packs for this contest as well you
can be one of 5 winners who can choose
one of the following prizes from some of
my previous projects and the grand prize
winner will get them all you can get a
kit for making your own slime as seen in
the Ninja Turtle ooze project or a
completely assembled mousetrap gun ready
to fire maybe you'll want the acrylic
fire piston for igniting fires by air or
a batch of homemade char cloth cotton
balls for your survival kit the other
choice is the gravity puzzle I made for
challenging your friends at parties or
other social gatherings to qualify as a
potential prize winner there are 4
things you'll need to do so take 2
minutes right now and get yourself
qualified number 1 like me on Facebook
and number 2 follow me on Twitter by
becoming a fan on Facebook and Twitter
you'll get exclusive updates and sneak
peeks of projects and videos that you
won't see anywhere else
number 3 post a comment on this video
describing which of my project videos is
your favorite and what you liked about
it
I don't expect you can remember them all
so feel free to click on my username for
an overview of all my projects so far
and number 4 share the link of any of my
videos on another website or multiple
websites this can be done by clicking on
share and copying the link to another
website or even just sharing straight to
any of the sites below
for example you can post on websites
like Facebook Twitter reddit liveleak or
even make your own YouTube playlist by
embedding the links of your favorite
videos the top five participants who
generate the most likes or votes on
their post will win for scoring purposes
if the website post doesn't have a like
feature then the feature that's
equivalent to a facebook like' will be
counted
you can post as many of my videos to as
many websites as you like the total of
all the likes from all your posts will
go toward your final score so put some
real effort into it and you can be a
winner in any case thank you for sharing
my work and if you won't share it I'm
still glad you're here watching it this
contest will run for two weeks and will
be followed up with a video asking for
your score when that video is posted
you'll need to let me know the total of
how many people liked your posts by
listing the score in the comments of
that video after a one week waiting
period I'll verify the numbers are
correct
and the five winners will be announced
this contest is international and prizes
will be shipped to you wherever you are
in the world all this information can be
found in the description below so be
sure to reference it if you need some
help thanks for being a supporter and
I'll see you around for future projects
best of luck and here's a recap on how
to win